At this point in the game,
you've already downloaded all of your
files that you need,
the image and the bootloader.
Then you created your path variable to
the Fastboot within the Android SDK, and
you modified your script.
So it's time to actually put
everything on the board, right?
Or else, what did we do all that for?
So yeah, here we go.
>> So let's start checking the board here.
So the first thing you wanna do is
make sure your board is powered down.
We have ours unplugged.
Go ahead and throw in your HDMI.
We have this USB connection to our
keyboard and mouse right here.
And all right, so the next thing you
wanna do is flip over the board and
look for the dip switches right here.
You want to make sure it's
in the 0000 configuration,
because you don't want to have an SD
card boot or something like that.
>> That's the most standard configuration,
you'll be using 0000 in most cases.
That's going to allow us to
boot into Fastboot, so yeah.
>> Great.
>> And now we're where ready
to boot it all up, right?
>> Oh wait, dude, we almost forgot this.
>> [LAUGH] All right, good.
Yeah, so actually you need to-
>> This is the micro-USB.
>> Yeah, you need to send
everything somehow, right.
So actually, we're gonna hook up
the USB port to the board here.
All right, so micro-USB to USB,
plugging that in.
And now we're all set up, right?
>> Almost.
>> Almost, we need to get into Fastboot.
>> Right.
>> Okay, so
there was a previous lesson that you've
already seen, on how to do Fastboot.
But we're gonna remind
you here one more time.
And how do we do that, Randy?
>> So, you wanna just look for
this S4 button, or
the volume down button right here.
Just hold on to that, and when that's
pressed down, you just power the board up.
>> We found that a nice sweet
spot is about ten seconds.
So if you hold on to the minus button for
about ten seconds after plugging it in.
So you can about let it go right now.
You'll boot into Fastboot.
If you hold onto it too long, sometimes
what happens is it goes past the Fastboot
and then just boots into the operating
system that you already had on the board.
So how can we tell if we're in Fastboot or
not?
>> All right,
let's go into the computer then.
>> All right, let's check it out.
>> So in the previous section,
we already set up the path variable.
So we'll just do $fastboot,
and type the word, devices.
As you can see here,
it came up with a device.
>> Yeah, you can see the little
code tied to the board there.
That shows that the device is,
in fact, recognized by the Fastboot.
And if this doesn't work for you,
maybe you took some time between
the last video and this one.
It's possible if you
closed down your terminal,
your path variable might have been erased.
So all you'll have to do
is just kinda go back and
recreate that path variable to Fastboot.
Yeah, and you'll be fine.
All right, so we wanna push
everything on there now, right?
>> Right, so then we're in the folder
with all of the image files,
along with the flash file script.
>> So
all we need to do now is type ./flashall.
>> And what's gonna happen?
All right, let's see.
>> Nice.
>> So right now,
what's happening is it is actually
flashing everything over onto your board.
This may take about five minutes usually.
>> Five minutes, yeah.
>> Yeah, I think it's about one-third
of the time that it takes to flash
an SD card.
Which is why this is
usually a faster process.
>> Hence, the name Fastboot.
>> [LAUGH] But as you can see,
it is a little more difficult.
So we're gonna kind of
let this all go through.
Hopefully, you were able
to follow along with us.
And we look forward to seeing
you in later sections,
to have some fun with
this operating system.